so this is our old clawfoot tub and
anyone who's tried to get a shower
curtain rod that works with a clawfoot
tub knows that it's not easy and making
it more difficult for me here's the fact
that we have this angled ceiling that
comes down over the tub so it was very
hard to find one that would fit in this
situation and the ones that I could find
online were very expensive there were
like three or $400 so I made my own here
this is 3/4 inch heating grade copper
this is what they use for you know hot
water baseboard tubing so I just used it
here to make the shower curtain rod it's
a pretty simple rectangle this is about
12 feet of copper all together so this
piece here is a little longer and this
one is shorter to make my rectangle I
just needed two elbows here one there
one here and then I'll show you this
back here I just used a tee right here
and then a little connector which had
3/4 inch thread right there and then it
goes into this guy this steel piece
where it's screwed into the wall same
deal on the other side here so it's
pretty simple to do the only difficult
part that requires some some experience
is the soldering of these guys right
here so all the connections had to be
soldered so I'm sure there's plenty of
videos on YouTube to show you how to
solder but that does take some
experience to be able to do it well
there is another option that wouldn't
require you solder you could use iron or
steel pipes which are threaded and you
can get the same all the pieces you need
the elbows the t's the only reason that
that wouldn't be good is that when you
go to to have your shower curtain hooks
go over they would probably get caught
whereas these rule nice and smoothly
over the
these simple soldered copper joints
because we have this angle ceiling I had
to make this a little bit lower here so
the shower curtains we did have to my
wife hem them a little bit to make them
short enough so that they would fit in
the tub here so that's it right there a
DIY copper shower curtain rod for your
clawfoot tub